Reverse TCP Program Instructions and Notice!

Description
This reverse TCP program allows a server to connect with a client for remote access. It is free to modify and redistribute as long as credit is given to the original creator, Levithan.

Important Notice: Update the IP Address
The program uses a default server IP address 192.168.18.170 and Port 1235.

If you do not update the IP and open the port on your machine:
The program will NOT work.
The client will fail to connect to the server.

Steps to Change the IP Address
Open client.py and server.py in a text editor.

Replace the default IP (192.168.18.170) with your server’s (attacker machine's) IP address, Both server.py and client.py will take attackers ip so don't add target ip as its reverse shell.

Find your server IP by running (on attacker machine):
Windows: ipconfig
Linux: ifconfig
If using the compiled version (client.exe), recompile it after making the IP change:

pyinstaller --onefile --noconsole --hidden-import=colorama client.py
Install pyinstaller if necessary:


pip install pyinstaller

OPEANING PORT (on attacker machine)
Step 1: Open a Port
Windows:

Open the Start Menu and search for Windows Defender Firewall.
Open Advanced Settings.
Go to Inbound Rules > New Rule.
Select Port, click Next, and enter the port number (1235).
Allow the connection and save.
Linux:

Open a terminal.
Copy code
sudo ufw allow 1235/tcp
Step 2: Add Program to Startup Folder
To ensure the client runs every time the system restarts:

Press Win + R, type shell:startup, and press Enter.(on target machine)
Copy the client.exe file into the opened folder.

Antivirus Exception (on target machine)
Add client.exe to your antivirus exceptions list. Otherwise, it may be quarantined or blocked.

How It Works
The client.exe runs silently in the background.
If the server is open and the client is active, they will connect automatically.
Supported Commands (v1.0)
ls - List files in the directory
cd - Change directory
rm - Remove a file
rmdir - Remove a directory
Follow these instructions carefully to ensure the program works properly.

